you said the rest of us so we're just we got the fake jobs i guess i mean it's a spectrum i think
i think my job is like 50 percent real with the percent fake podcasters exactly the part of my
job where i'm on twitter and making a podcast fake
what do you what's in your ear yeah i was gonna say i'm so i switched up the setup a little bit
uh oh i got these cheap ear buds i guess they're called so for i mean people listening they can't
see what's in my ear just they look like airpods except they're black looks like a black air pod yeah
yeah uh they're only 50 they're only 50 bucks and the thing with them is they come with a dongle for
like rf mode so they don't go over bluetooth they go over like just the other thing i don't really
know the differences but i was gonna say same more words what's what's the problem with bluetooth
it's what's the advantage of rf okay so this might be all a perception base but for me i find
bluetooth to be kind of flaky because i feel like it's optimized for different things i think i
think bluetooth is optimized for like low power because usually you're connecting a power device
a battery power device to another battery power device or you want that to be as low power as
possible um but like gaming headphones like wireless gaming headphones don't use bluetooth they just
use they just call rf it's like the same 2.4 frequency that like your wifi or like cordless phones in
your house would use uh-huh and it's way less flaky i can walk pretty far away from my computer
yeah and so i specifically was looking for headphones that
or earbuds that did that i figure i'm going to use these when i'm recording
or when i'm on a video call because the audio audio quality for me doesn't really matter and
it's kind of nice for them putting on like my big headphones well yeah what have you considered
a wired pair of headphones no i do have a wired pair of phones right here oh okay why don't you
yeah what's wrong with those you just don't like wearing them on your head yes exactly i don't
like wearing them on it's actually a combination of a steady comfort these headphones are actually
incredibly comfortable especially compared to my old wireless ones which were heavy and like they
literally can be headaches because i wear them all day but there's something that happens when you
shave your head and you put headphones on where it just doesn't look right it looks like you're
wearing like a headband and like really it just like accentuates the curve of your head uh i don't
know but just me but like like when i put this on i want to see because i've never thought this about
you with headphones on to me this just looks worse like you're saying like it outlines your your
head yeah like it shows your your the band gets lost in your hair and you just see it on the side
and i think that looks totally normal but then for me like the band is super clear and i don't know
i've always hated it especially because we're doing these little clips oh yeah yeah the clips
which i haven't made more of i mean it's unique so yeah i'm like i gotta i gotta find a look that
works for me so i'm okay with the hat and the headphones but i'm currently in between hats
oh between hats could you explain that i have so many questions like you had a hat but you're
looking for a new hat i'm very particular about my hats but i don't really understand what
what it is that i like so i'll just try on like various hats like baseball caps i guess yeah
technically we are and i won't like most of them but i like some of them and there was one that i
really like it's amazing how differently they can fit sorry yeah like it's like how they sit on top
of your head how long the brim is like the curvature all of that so there's one patagonia hat that i
liked and just got just got like way too dirty uh yeah they do they get like the build gets all
greasy from your hand picking it up off your head yeah yeah and with pets like they get like
hair stuck on it and stuff so i just got to a stand if i can't wear it anymore so i'm i've been in
between hats for a while now so you need a new hat okay well there's a challenge for the listeners
send daks a good hat or i don't know recommend some hats for mail him one not just like send him
links mail him a good hat have you put your address out there daks do we know how to get a hold of you
maybe we need a fan mail box no oh yeah a p o box yeah i mean i'm sure lots of companies out there
have hats with their logos on them that's another thing i don't like i don't like stuff on the hat
especially except for patagonia i did wear the database hat a little bit because uh that one
actually looked pretty good and extremely exclusive it was hard to get it was limited edition
and uh i'm a sucker for those kind of things yeah i thought it looked good uh it gave me it actually
like hurt my head a little like when i would take it off i was gaining these like burns kind of like
around my head i think you can maybe even there was like a there was a go ring that was developing
around the top of my head and uh it's gone now but it's a little feedback for the plant scale folks
i guess you hat may cause burns i am getting one of the plant scale jackets now i have a jacket
no okay so i love what they do because i think all companies should do this don't focus on your
logo just find really good quality thing find a really good quality jacket and maybe put like a
little color that's like your color that's somewhere and so plant scale has this bomber jacket which
looks really cool i've always loved bomber jackets and it just has like a little bit of an orange
tint inside one of the pockets and like a little tiny logo somewhere else uh but it's just mostly
a really nice jacket and what how are you you just like send a message to sam and you're like hey
sorry about that butt text that one time but could uh could i grab one of the jackets i think it's a
reward for how much i i show plant scale my threads on how i hate post gross connection management
oh okay so can't trust my opinions because i'm just out here doing it for a jacket so they pushed
they pushed this jacket to you they they reached out to you like hey we'd like to send you a jacket
for being so kind the plant scale well he posted uh sam posted the picture of jacket and when they
were he was like if you do something really crazy we'll send you one of these and i was
replied being like this is awesome i said something like that and then he did me being like some
year dress sorry i know it's it's really awkward to like describe something that happened like an
online interaction i couldn't start saying that loud i was just going like this is stupid that's
like 60% of our podcast so it really is yeah okay sorry everyone that listens this is stupid i want
to talk about remote i saw your tweet that was a long tweet by the way yeah trying to mix it up i was
like if i write something really long well people still read it and it seems like they did let's
say broke it up into like little i still did that thing where like each section was broken up so they
felt like white size but i felt like i was reading a blog again remember blogs yeah those are fun
maybe i'll start doing more of this because like it wasn't it felt good to be able to write without
thinking too hard about the constraining it to a small thing and people still read it so that's a
good sign yeah it was a little it was like a little brain dump you just like told a story you laid it
all out there all your frustrations could you talk about your frustrations with people being like
i can't believe people want me to come back to the office yeah so i i've been kind of i've been
seeing this discussion around like it's called that they're calling it RTO i always laugh because of
these like corporate acronyms it just come out of nowhere and just becomes things that people are
constantly saying RTO return to office so everyone's complaining about RTO because they work with
these big companies where they went remotes during covid and then now the companies are like
time for RTO and that might look like two days a week or three days a week or full time it just
varies yeah and i and i prefaced what i wrote with this i was like i'm just kind of like salty about
this whole situation because you hate remote workers stupid remote workers sorry just like the
people complaining it just feels extremely entitled to me and the reason is as someone that's worked
remote for most of my career same i remember how painful it was to try to work remote
uh like pre covid and like this a year before then it was like a lifestyle they had to really
like commit yourself to because it meant 98% of companies were not going to hire you so now you
have a much smaller pool yeah so it took like a little bit of dedication to say like i really care
about this way of working i believe in it it makes sense for me it's something i want from my life
uh and you have to like kind of really hustle like you so in the in the post i was talking
about how and someone a bunch of people replied saying they have to do the same thing where
when i interviewed and i was mostly consultant so interview meant like kind of initial consulting
type of calls yep i would have to like really sell myself and get a really really great interaction
and then kind of lay in that hey by the way i want to work remote so it was like it was like a
hard mode you have to like really have people excited to work with you to like accept this because
most companies were not remote they never really had a remote employee most of people were in the
office it was definitely a special exception and i had to like not go after them sometimes i had to
like the most lucrative offers no requirement to come and see office so i had to sacrifice
those vice versa etc so it was like this commitment that i had to do and i was fine doing that like
that's what i committed to and i was fine with accept accept all that the part that has me salty
though is during that phase where i was trying to work remote i honestly felt like a lot of people
looked at what i was doing and they liked it but didn't want to put in the effort like they didn't
feel like it was worth it to put in the effort to to have that yeah uh which is fine like you know
yeah it makes their own like trade-offs and what they want to focus energy on but it really felt
like people would just kind of get in the way for no reason uh a lot of people would just write about
how remote work could never work and like whenever i try to talk about it like i would just talk
about what i wanted to do like i want to work remote people would react to me as though i was
saying you have to work remote everyone has to work remote yeah they would kind of make up all
his arguments around how like no good team could ever collaborate without being in the office and
kind of swung to this extreme where to me it really felt like it was just stemming from the
fact that no i think you all want to work remote and you just don't want to accept what that takes
at least back then uh so everyone's rationalizing it as like oh i don't want it anyway or it wouldn't
be a good thing anyway uh and i was like whatever okay but you know what i mean because i just made
stuff harder like i just wanted to work remote just you can do whatever you want i don't care just let
me let me do what i want to do and not stop stop making up situations where like stop making up stories
about how like it's bad for me or like it's bad for the world then covid happened and suddenly
everyone could just work remote without all that pain they could just kind of do whatever they want
most companies you know we're higher still hiring remote workers at least in our field
and now everyone got to work remote and these same people that were like saying how all this stuff
was impossible or bad or hard we're now working remote loved it because you know guess what they
always wanted to work remote they were just kind of lines themselves and now they're like in this
they're doing the exact same thing in the reverse direction they're now super extreme they're like
anyone that says anything that's even remotely remotely anti-remote uh they had this crazy reaction
to um like any step away from remote work they it's like it's just it just gone to another place
where again it's something from the same thing yeah they're insecure that they might have to work
in person that means they have to like do something painful like quit their job like try to find
a new job that lets them work remote but again instead of like being like i'm committed to this
i'm going to make that's make that sacrifice and do that it just shows up as a bunch of complaining
of like people are making us go into remote because the executives are invested in commercial real
estate and they're just trying to prop up the commercial it's just like all this they're like
thinking about all these like conspiracies and like managers are useless and they're they just
want us in the office so they can like stroke their own ego it's just like it's going to this
weird place of uh i like remote work uh i get while all these companies are calling for RTO because
most companies are not structured to work well remotely ever with a lot of remote companies
the minority of them worked well yeah so i totally get it and it's just like yet again we're doing
the same thing except in the opposite direction yeah is it just is it just come down to like
when the majority of people believe something there's so many more people that are going to be
vocal you have a much bigger pool of idiots and so or you have a much bigger pool of people to
find the idiots that are going to get really loud about the things that don't really matter like
when remote was niche there weren't that many people yeah to be annoying and now that there's
a lot more of it there's just more annoying people is that basically what's happening here yeah and
i think the the size of the groups also correlates with the other thing which is what i think is
actually happening i think it's easy to have a belief when you don't have to pay any price for
it uh it's easy for me to say i believe in this thing because it's just the default or it's like
not very hard yeah when someone says i believe in something and it's contrarian at the time and
it's difficult you like really know they believe in it because they're paying some price with it so yeah
yeah back then with the people that wanted to work remote uh it was very hard because every
point in the world was suddenly was wrong this is actually why i initially was a big fan of dhh
because he was one of the people that was really like championing this and like kind of getting
the message that's gonna work was there a moment okay yeah yeah it's a book that i sent out so many
people to like get them to wrap their head around how it is possible and it can't work and we have
examples of it working really well yeah so i can like believe people when it's a contrarian view
because i know they're paying some prime price for it yeah now it's kind of like that is the default
and it is a mainstream when you're like so pro-it it like it seems hollow everybody wants to work
remote yeah it's hollow exactly yeah i've always been a big proponent of being able to do remote
work i've i mean i've lived in the Ozarks and i just had to like there were no job opportunities
for what i wanted to do uh so it kind of forced it there were probably periods of my career where i
felt like everything should be remote why not i think i've i've like matured in that stance at this
stage like i don't think we'd have iPhones if apple were a fully remote company and like everyone
just worked from home like there are certain things and and certain companies that it just doesn't
make sense but i i do appreciate that i've been able to find those opportunities and i think i had to
work for it over my 10 15 years yeah no definitely like anyone that's not in like you you made the
choice of you're not going to move to one of these tech hubs like you cared about other things more
you have to like pay the price of still finding a way to make all that work i think for me i was
actually always i worked remotely but mostly for companies in my city so even though i was in
because i was in New York for most of my career all the companies i worked for most for for the
most part were in New York so i always had the option of just dropping by and i would like maybe
like once a week or once every two weeks i would yeah and there were some things i observed
by doing that that were kind of shocking to me you know there were companies where i would
interact with people mostly digitally and there were people that would find annoying
i'd find them annoying and i'd be like this person like i just have like a mostly negative
feeling around certain people the moment i saw them in person it like clicked into my head that
oh i was seeing this weird like two dimension little version of them and the moment i saw them in
person all of those feelings just melted away yeah uh and i think for certain people like certain
traits were exaggerated when they're digital and you kind of get the skewed version of them and like
i have had that experience for sure yeah it's really weird so there definitely is something
so i like i see the point of it and if i could like i was saying in the thread like if i could
like dream up any any scenario i live in a very walkable part of Miami um i would love to have
an office in the downtown which is like a ten-minute walk for me i'd love if most of my co-workers
live in the same city and i have a couple times a week we could just go in there and hang out yeah
and yeah whether we're doing focus work or just hanging out whatever that's like my absolute
dream like if i could make anything happen that's what i would i would do so i my dream isn't just
the hundred percent remote yeah it's like some balance of the two so if anyone like everyone
wants to tell them things about it i think that's actually what most people would like yeah we're
at a point now where it's like uh no we want to be hundred percent remote no matter what like going
to the office means like your company is screwing you or something yeah early in my career one of my
first like full-time roles as a consultant uh was with a company that had they had like three or
four engineers in an office it was in salt lake uh and then there's probably three or four maybe
five or six of us that were remote so it's kind of a split team from the beginning and they would
have us come out like once a year and work for a week in the office all of us and i can remember
i mean i i started my career as remote so like all of my software engineering experience
was from home working with people and doing whatever i don't zoom it wasn't zoom back then
log me in or something i don't know what we did i don't even remember yeah uh but doing like
video calls and collaborating that way that was all my experience so then i can remember
going into the office for the first time and then every year after it was just this kind of like
bizarre feeling of hey i could just go ask them but then you just get really like chatty and you
annoy people because you can exactly exactly it's funny because uh when i when i would work remotely
it would be like because most people would be in the office and i would be the one that was working
around uh the days where it comes to the office they would send me home they would be like yes
like you're just distracting everyone or just go home uh because for me like i do work at my desk
and when i'm in person i'm there to like hang out and kind of connect with people so like why
sit and they'd have me in the somewhere room and it's like i could just sit in here the whole time
but like why did i come out here yeah i guess for like dinners afterward but no i was gonna like
walk across the office and ask everybody a question if i had a question i'm not going to type it out
yeah you're in the building here you're here i come yeah okay and here's the other part that's
maybe a little spicier that i didn't include in the tweet oh i think for truly remote companies to
work out you need people that are extremely motivated and it's not just that like i'm drawing
motivation from within it's like you're in an environment where you're excited about the people
you're around you're excited about what you're doing and you feel pretty motivated to work day-to-day
uh because the reality is when someone is not watching you and you're not very motivated
let's not kid ourselves like everyone milks it like that just is the fact yeah and most companies
by definition aren't places that pull a lot of motivation out of people so a lot of these companies
when they went remote i'm really skeptical that a large portion of the employees were really more
productive i'm more productive when i'm remote for the most part because i just can't focus in an
office yeah um but if you put me at a company what i don't really care about i'm i'm a hundred
percent less productive at home yeah oh sure so i understand why like this rto thing is happening
because yeah like you do need to have certain things in place like that motivation and these
companies didn't have to have that because there's having one of the office before yeah what what
are the big measures like nationally or globally of productivity don't they do like i've heard
anecdotes like oh u.s productivity dips by 15 percent during march madness or whatever i've heard
that kind of stuff how do they measure it and i bet it's fake i have no idea and yes it seems like
a stupid probably a stupid measurement that isn't really me anything yeah yeah i wonder how much
actual yeah interesting i have all kinds of thoughts now like i mean maybe i'm getting into the
the people you don't like when i say things like this but like the is most work fake
like are most people not really doing productive things are not like with their days but just like
roles are there a lot of fake roles a lot of fake jobs yeah i actually do really believe in this
as well okay there was an entire book about this remember it came out probably during covid
it was like fake jobs i forgot what it was called and that would be a nice title yeah
because when you were saying like measure productivity i was like how would i do that i think i would
just measure as revenue per employee yeah and is that gdp it may be gdp is the way people measure
gdp per capita yeah but yeah that's like way too average doubt around like yeah that's like your
whole country like everything your country is doing uh-huh but on an individual level like
yeah some companies make the same amount as other companies with like a fraction of employees
right so by definition they're more productive they like found something higher leverage to
to work on yeah yeah so that that's i mean that's how i've always thought about it yeah i mean what
does that mean like does it is it just we're all pretending is it does like our whole economy
depend on this charade that like everyone has real jobs and we're all helping move things forward
yeah i mean it's it's it's hard to admit but i think it's kind of how it's always worked there's
like a small fraction of people that push us forward and and the rest of us who just get to kind of
like hang on to it you said the rest of us so we're just we got the fake jobs i guess i mean it's a
spectrum i think i think my job's like fifty percent real with the percent fake podcasters yeah exactly the part of my job we're on twitter and making a podcast fake yeah yeah but the rest of it maybe maybe a little real yeah okay that makes
sense this is what we do for fun this is our hobby and then the other stuff we do is super productive sometimes i think about it like yeah i'm just making i work on just a thing to help people write some
javascript for some product that probably doesn't make sense so it's just like so many layers of it's suppressing uh don't think about it too hard i guess but but that's like a million times more productive than like a lot of things i'm thinking of which i don't want to stay out loud because i don't want to call out anybody's job or giant companies just there's so many in between overhead
roles yeah and i think someone put it put it well the other day i forgot where i saw this but they were like you have to acknowledge that their overhead roles calling it an overhead role doesn't mean that it's not necessary because if you remove it something probably break but the reality is we'd all try to have we'd all like to have less of it right and some companies figure how to do that other companies don't so i think they either are just a lot of overhead type type jobs supporting direct jobs just because we haven't figured something
out yeah do you think that like over time is on a trajectory that it's lessons like is it trimming over time is it a generational thing i i mean we thought that was before i really hope that some some of the lessons we've taken from the past couple years is we just need a lot more companies that are a lot smaller i think nobody's happy with this like oh yeah these like a few giant companies yeah yeah like just it's just bad and so many different angles
and some companies have to be that i get that but i think i think at a time that was kind of like the desire the desire was to try to build more of these massive corporations i'm hoping more people are excited about figuring out how to get really big without literally being really big
yeah yeah i was just we were talking about this the other day apples now almost a three trillion dollar company like all these companies that just cracked a trillion like apple that wasn't that long ago apple was the first trillion dollar company there's three trillion now what what does that work like this grows faster and faster i don't know that seems bad yeah i mean there's just more and more people more and more people with money to spend more and more so more and more things
to capture i guess like i say that scene yeah i guess that's good it's it sounds bad in terms of like moving towards the goal of more small companies seems like the big companies will just keep swallowing up all the smaller cut like the trick trajectory seems like it's moving more toward fewer bigger companies i guess yeah i think it just comes on a what the workers desire you desire to work at a giant company are you willing to sacrifice some of the benefits you get a giant company for like
that's other thing that you might want to push for yeah that's it's got some of the remoting i was talking about earlier like i also never really worked at a big company like that because
i want this other reality to exist and i have to give up a lot of stuff for that but i'm hoping more people are excited by that that tradeoff and i think they can remind me what what are we giving up i forgot i've never worked at a big company i made this decision so long ago i don't remember
i mean i don't really know i guess like benefits yeah all the 401k is a certain thing like the the clear roadmap in front of you to like this is what you need to do next years and you end up here
yeah the certainty though i would push back yeah exactly it's fake it's a fake yeah it's fake certainty because you get laid off tomorrow yeah yeah exactly uh it's that like you have like crazy stability for five years and then you have like a singular moment of insane instability of those big companies
whereas the rest of us i think we just have like constant minor instability yeah relative to like being laid off overnight yeah i prefer this way personally yeah me too so and i think more people are kind of getting interested in that i have a spicier tweet for later that i'm going to say oh about this so you gave us some exclusive content on the podcast and then you teased some content you will not give us i'm so good at this fake job
it's awesome i feel like we've been really busy like i feel like we have not had a lot of extracurricular activities it's been a busy summer for everybody or have i just been so employed i haven't noticed that everybody's carrying on like normal i don't think it's been a busy summer for everyone i think it's quiet because everyone has better things to do in the summer is it quiet okay
because i haven't been on quite as much but when i have been it feels like things are quiet around our parts i think people are enjoying the summer and then me and you unfortunately are in a phase of
uh i think the ship a lot is like enjoying vacations and doing fun stuff and we're like head down for the last three months okay that makes us yeah sucks for us i know when's that gonna get better second better i think for me probably like another month or so
uh yeah but i've been saying that for i don't know yeah i don't know i would say the past ten years okay soon it'll get a little better maybe a month it feels like you never make progress in anything because here's how it feels i wake up one day and i'll be like okay i'm working as is he hears like our most burning problem like this sucks yeah we gotta fix it i really want this thing to be fixed
then we'll spend it related to astro no oh sorry i thought i was like break it looking at this week i've rather responded okay cool yeah you can do it uh so something's burnt like it's burnt you know like this how we have to fix this you spend a bunch of focus effort let's say a month fixing it yeah and in that month you like solely make that thing better but as i think better a new burning fear like shows up so by the time you're finished with it it's been replaced by this new thing like this sucks we have to fix it and then you're in this constant state of being like
never remembering all the stuff you fixed and then just really just being obsessed with how can we let this be so bad yeah because right now i mean we went through this with sst where
we're like okay we like we don't have a real funnel to a to an actual paid product that's like important for a business you know yeah so that was a good burning thing i hear from against a point where we kind of have that and now we're looking at like
oh man like we have such a leaky bucket like we have a lot of people coming in but like our docs suck and like we're losing a lot of people and like people are not having a good ombre and now that's like the obsession and it feels like i've made no progress so just how it goes you know a wise person once told me you got to find a way to do both you got to do you got to do all of it at once you got to improve your your funnel and your leaky bucket all at once you got to RTO RTO yeah get back in that office let's get back in that office
- Let's get Frank and Jay down to Miami.
Let's hold them back.
- I send them pictures, like really nice, fun pictures
every once in a while where I'm like, "So, what are you guys?"
- Oh, it's funny.
I'm about to move down there just from all the mango pictures.
You keep sending mango pictures,
and I'm gonna move my whole family across country.
- Yeah, it's propaganda.
I'm hoping that at some point, everyone is like,
retiring and we all retired to the same place,
'cause that would be funny.
- That would be cool.
You think it's gonna be Miami, don't you?
- I don't think it's gonna be Miami.
I think everyone's really particular
about their life, understandably.
- Yeah, the OSRX are in the middle of the country.
I'm just gonna throw that out there.
It's kind of like same distance from everybody.
- Is that your best pitch?
That is literally average?
- That's all we got.
Yeah, the average.
- It is the average geographic distance.
- It's the best average distance.
- I think the geographic center,
seriously, of the United States, like geographically,
is like an hour away.
Like I know the town that it is.
- Oh, oh, I worry from you.
How's that work though?
Like, do they factor in Hawaii and Alaska?
- I don't know.
Yeah, probably not now.
- 'Cause why is that?
- That was early for their West.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I think continental.
And I don't know how it works in terms of like,
the United States isn't a rectangle.
So like the distance from what point to East Island?
- Well, I guess you just mark all the points
in the perimeter and do the point that's the average
from each point in the perimeter.
- Maybe that made sense to you,
but did not make sense to me.
- I'm just making setup.
- Okay, yeah.
- Same.
- I ended in a math class and like,
how old am I?
Like 12 years, something like that?
- Oh, yeah.
It's been a lot.
We were just talking about this.
My eight-year-old, the Hates, learning math.
And I heard my wife say to him, like,
you know, your dad actually loves math.
Some people love math.
And I thought like, I do love math.
I haven't taken a math class in forever.
Yeah, 12 years.
But I love it.
Like I was excited for math class every day.
- Me too.
- So why don't I just like,
I should get on the Stanford or whatever,
the things, the online stuff that's free now.
I just take math courses for fun.
It was the thing I enjoyed.
- Would you really do that?
Does that sound fun to you today?
- Yeah.
I mean, I loved, I loved like lectures.
I don't take notes.
I don't like a lot of the other trappings of school,
but I love listening to a good lecture.
So yeah, it does sound fun.
We'll be able to do it right now.
- That was the exact same way.
I would always pay, people thought I was a bad student
'cause I never did my homework and never took notes,
but I would always pay attention in class.
Like I loved just sitting and listening.
- Yeah.
- And I had some teachers that were like,
really good in that format.
We had a really great physics teacher
that was like a great lecturer.
But yeah, I don't like being distracted by other things.
- Yeah.
The power of like a good teacher too,
like one of my favorite classes in college
was like a just a elective thing.
It was like a climate science class.
And that teacher was just, he was so good
that I was super into climate science for like three months.
He was just like an awesome professor.
And that's the sad reality that they're not all the best.
Some aren't the best.
- It's what I say with every profession,
no matter how smart you have to be to do it,
most people just are kind of whatever at it.
- Yeah.
- Which sucks.
We added some of our experience with a high school physics.
We we've randomly had a high school physics teacher
that had two PhDs and she was older
and she retired from like her main career.
And then she switched over to teaching us and yeah,
it was like such a good class because she would just talk
and she like didn't care about all like the BS of,
well, school is supposed to have, yeah, notes
and homework and all this.
She didn't care about that.
She was like, talked about it, talked and it was cool.
And she was really great at teaching.
But you know, like one, one in 50 people
probably as good as her.
- Yeah.
I had a high school course.
This teacher was eventually fired before tenure.
They would literally every class was a sheet of terms
and you had to look them up and write out the definition
for the terms.
- I could.
- It was like 20 on a piece of paper.
And then that teacher would set them back and sleep.
No joke, would sleep.
- Oh my God.
- Yeah, I'm not going to go into it any further.
No more details shared in case anybody listens to this.
But when you describe that, I had this weird flashback to,
do you remember that like burn you would get on your finger
from holding your pencil and like writing with it?
Did you, yeah, happen to you?
- Like a little impression.
- I can like feel it in my finger right now.
Like it like flashed me back to that feeling
of like writing with a number two pencil
and it like just kind of.
- I guess kids still write with pencils in class
or do they all just have iPads or something?
- That's another thing that like I totally forgot.
Cause everyone always talks about having like my brother
who was 10 years younger was talking about
having his computer in high school
and just like playing video games on it like during class.
I'm just like, wait, you all just had laptops out.
- You just have laptops out in class?
- Huh.
- So that's another thing my eight year old hates is writing.
You might just hate school, but he hates like having
to write out words.
He can do it and he's developed some of it,
but he's really would much prefer just like say the answers.
And then I started thinking like,
does he need to learn to write?
It's like how we learned cursive.
Like we never needed to learn cursive.
Do kids even need to learn to write anything?
I never write.
I never have to use my hand to write something.
- Yeah.
- It's like signing my name fakely on the like checkout thing.
- Do you have a real signature?
I don't have a real signature.
- I just do like those girls.
- I do have a real signature.
- I stress about it a lot.
And yeah, it's kind of cool.
- That's not surprising.
I actually, I didn't know why I asked that.
Of course you have a real signature.
Of course it's very particular.
- It's aesthetically pleasing.
- Intentional.
- Yeah.
I guess, yeah.
I mean, when I have to write in the rare cages after write,
'cause you always have to fill out like some form somewhere.
- Yeah, I guess.
- Like my hand is shake and like, it's just so hard.
Like it's so hard for me to write every single letter.
- We just never hardly have to do it.
And I feel like if they just learned to type
and spent that time learning typing,
that's probably better.
I don't know, practically speaking.
- Yeah, I guess if you don't,
if you literally don't know how to write,
I don't think it's gonna harm your life that much.
- But somewhat, I guess you're right.
Like you go to a doctor.
Why do we have to fill out the same forms
that every doctor we go to?
What, I don't understand this.
Can they not like all share something somehow?
Is there not some digital movement to like,
you fill out the thing one time
and then everybody just can share that around?
- I can like talk about this for like two hours.
- Okay, we should, we'll save that for the next one.
- It's like a weird area of expertise.
- Yeah, a little teaser for next time.
- But the TLDR is you legally have the right
to chip your records between one doctor and another
and there should be a standardized protocol for that.
But it's another one of those things
where people are just so short-term focused.
The doctor's offices are not in said device
to make this any easier because they only time people
ask them for this when they're switching
to a different customer.
- Oh, interesting.
- It's just stupid and short-term
because the flip side is whenever someone comes to you,
now it's a whole hassle for you to get their records
into your, it's just like people get obsessed
with these little things like they're gonna,
we're gonna optimize for like,
making it like five percent hard for somebody.
Someone is not gonna leave a bad doctor
because, oh no, my paper will work like, right?
I'm just gonna have this bad doctor treat me
to avoid refilling up.
It's just really dumb.
We had, when I worked for the company
that made the software for hair salons,
a weird obsession of theirs was,
oh, someone is gonna quit and steal their clients,
like take all the clients that they have
if they're like a barber.
They're gonna look at it and take them all.
So there was all these features
on like only seeing people's first names
so like not being like controlling exactly,
you could see what.
And I get that this literally happens
but it's on the day just like, okay, it happened,
just let it happen.
If someone's motivated to, there's gonna make,
there's gonna ask their clients like,
hey, what's your number, I'm leaving.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And they're gonna do that over a couple of months.
- Just be better, just like be better
and make a good place that people don't wanna leave.
There's a good option.
- Exactly, like just focus on that
and then this thing should be a minor problem.
- Yeah, it's just, there's so many things in life
where I feel like that is what drives it.
Just some like weird fear over some like weird,
like competitive thing.
- Yep.
- Yeah, all right.
I think we're out of stuff to talk about
'cause it's been 37 minutes
and that's about an episode length, right?
That's not a reason.
That's not a cut.
(both laughing)
I think this has been kind of a low one.
I think we're both just so busy
and I feel like we need to have caffeine or something
before we record just to try and make it sound like we care.
(both laughing)
We care, we just, we guys up going on.
- I sat down and like suddenly felt super low energy.
I don't know, I don't know what happened.
- Yeah, same.
We're feeding off each other's low energy.
- It's weird. - It's interesting.
- We should, we should take pre-workout
before we do the podcast.
- There you go.
Well, next one is episode 50.
So I'm gonna feel pretty motivated
(both laughing)
to be something different.
- Yeah, it's a nice.
- Arbitrary cutoff, round number.
- Okay, well, sorry, one day we're so sleepy.
- Yeah, next time we will be so sleepy.
Next Thursday, this Thursday, whatever.
If we still do it Thursday, I don't know.
- We'll do it. - We'll do it.
- Nate's asking if you have your morning,
if you had your morning beat juice,
which for the U is a pre-workout.
- No, I actually, I skipped the jiu-jitsu this morning.
It's first time I've like skipped
where I didn't have to, like I wasn't traveling or like,
I just skipped 'cause I feel like I've not recovered.
I've had like a cold, and if you can tell,
it's been blowing my nose a lot.
- Yeah, so I've had like a cold,
which it's been a casey gas lit me
into thinking it was just allergies.
I've been walking around for a week,
thinking I just had allergies.
And then she admitted that like, yeah, we all have colds,
like that's what's happening.
Like, oh wow, it actually helped.
It actually set me in a better frame of mine.
It's like, I feel better knowing it's just allergies
than I'm actually sick, but the effect was the same.
Yeah, so I skipped my beat juice
and my jiu-jitsu this morning.
Maybe that's why I'm low energy.
I just slept in.
- Yeah, I mean, I've also just been off the gym for a week
'cause of my knee.
My knee feels, darn it feels better.
- Oh, is it better?
- But I don't want to do that thing where I'm like,
it's better than I go and just re-injured again.
- Sound straight into it.
- Trying to take like one extra week,
and we'll see.
- You're playing with fire.
It's a slippery slope.
'Cause eventually it's like, eh, I could just not.
(laughs)
That's what I did.
I should let my knee recover some more.
And then a month later, I'm busy.
Yeah, I mean, I gotta get back into it at some point.
- You will.
And I will get back to caring and being enthusiastic
on this podcast, but not this time.
That'll be next time.
All right, thanks, Dax.
- All right, see ya, everyone.
- See ya.
- See ya, everyone.
- Bye.
(upbeat music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]